Mr. Gu
Come slowly
What's the matter? You look nervous.
What's wrong with me?
You're pregnant?
pregnant
I obviously took medicine
So that child is really mine, of course I only
i
Only with you, then you and your husband have never had
No, I didn't even know what he looked like.
enter
Rose, how do you feel when you wake up?
I'm fine thank you Duan Tetro
Hey, it's alright
That's business
Check it out
Secretary Shen did it
The secretary really has nothing to do with Mr. Shen
More accurately, Secretary Qian
Because Mr. Shen has already fired him
The holiday at the Xicheng construction site
It's him who's always been done by this guy
After Mr. Shen found out, he fired him from the company
That's why he hated you for doing this
Did you find that person?
Will he hurt Mr. Gu again? Don't worry.
People have been caught
I won't hurt you again.
You don't have to worry about these things.
I'll take care of it.
Just take care of the fetus with peace of mind.